So Claude Code just released channels,
which is a Telegram and Discord
integration that lets you text your
agents the same way that you text other
human beings every day. And all I could
think about when I saw this was, man,
Anthropic really doesn't like OpenClaw.
So in this video, I'm going to show you
a quick demo. Then I'm going to run you
guys through how it all works under the
hood before showing you how you can set
it up on your end. And at the end, I'll
also chat a little bit about what I
think this personally means for the
OpenClaw to debacle. Okay, so I have two
things on the screen here. The first is
I have my Telegram chat and this is
actually running locally on my computer
in the exact same way that say OpenClaw
might be running locally on you know a
Mac mini or a VPS. I just have an open
chat with Telegram right over here. And
then on the right hand side I actually
have an app that allows me to mirror the
screen of my iPhone so you guys could
see everything that I'm doing in real
time just for simplicity. So, I had a
conversation before with it and I just
asked it to give me a big wall of text
that I could use to push up the previous
conversation just that I could show you
guys how simple it is. If I type hey
over here on Telegram, essentially what
occurs is my Claude code channel plugin
immediately gets a message from my
Telegram app and then it does two
things. One, it gets the message and
accomplishes whatever feature or task
that I ask it to do and then it also
updates the local conversation history
with just a description of what went on.
And so on the Telegram side, you know, I
see, hey, hey, what's up? How's it
going? So on and so forth. And over
here, I see that, you know, our Telegram
plug-in ran. What did it do? Well, I
just replied to your Telegram message
with the incoming query of, "Hey." And
so in this way, you actually get a fair
amount of accountability and
interpretability, which is nice. It's
not just a onetoone log of like
everything you said to it. Um, you also
additionally get kind of like a thinking
and reasoning layer. But anyway, let's
say I'm out and about and, you know, I
actually have a task I want to get done,
some economically valuable work. And in
this case, you know, I'm making a big
course on cloud code and I saw a
thumbnail that looked like this. Well, I
have a skill that allows me to repurpose
thumbnails that I see in the wild and
then take advantage of like the good
parts while also inserting myself in
there and making some changes. So, I get
the URL over here. I just go on my phone
to Telegram and then I say, "Hey,
replace the man in this thumbnail with
me. Then make the following changes.
Change the text, you know, replace the
flags with the claw logo, change the
colors, and so on and so forth." What
you see occurs locally is not only do we
have the message come in which is up
here. We also have the skill okay that
it connected to which is now locally on
my computer um sort of connected and and
in that way I'm now designing the
thumbnail. Now what it's doing is it's
upscaling the thumbnails according to my
specifications and the skill. You can
see that it's now actually sending me
over each of these thumbnails onto my
phone. So I'm just taking a look at them
right now. This one here in particular
is probably the most me and that's more
or less all I really wanted from this. I
just wanted some sort of inspiration
that I could use to, you know, quickly
design a thumbnail while I'm on the go.
But it doesn't just stop at Telegram.
They've also added Discord support for
all you Gen Zers out there. So now what
I have is I have the plugin Discord at
Cloud Plugins official running. And then
I have on the right hand side a Discord
chat on my phone. And let's say I want
to run another some economically
valuable task, whatever it is. I'm going
to say scrape me 100 leads from Appify
Dentist in California. The title should
be stuff like dentist practice manager
and so on and so on and so forth. Um,
what it's doing now is it's actually
going to go and then run my, you know,
Appify scraping skill. A few seconds
later, it scrapes the leads. It's now
going to do a little bit of running
through them. Looks like 98 of them have
phone numbers. And now that it's created
a CSV, what it's going to do is send it
over to me so I can open it on my phone.
I then have this CSV file open here,
which I can click on. And then,
depending on my own workflow, I can open
this up on a Google sheet or whatever,
start giving people some rings. Okay, as
you guys could see, very simple and very
straightforward once you actually have
it set up. It has all of the benefits of
the usual cloud code tooling. Um, all of
the skills that you might have set up
locally on your computer as well. And as
long as your computer doesn't go to
sleep or anything like that, which is
pretty easy to do. I can run you guys
through a couple ways to do that. Um, it
will essentially always be listening on
the same sorts of apps that you just use
to talk to people every day. And you
know, to be honest, this is the main
reason why I think that like Open Claw,
Claudebot, Moldbot, all these tools like
picked off so much, just because we're
now talking to agents using the exact
same interfaces we talk to people.
getting some economically valuable work
done and it's just more convenient for
us. So, let me run you through all this
stuff in a second. So, in terms of how
to set this up, it's right over here at
code.cloud.com/doc/en/
channels. You can even communicate with
their assistant over here on the right
hand side if you wanted to, but uh they
have a new page set up that says push
events into a running session with
channels. That's basically what we are
doing. You know, they're trying
obviously not to just say, hey, we
replicated all the functionality of
OpenCloud or whatever, but to be honest,
that's more or less what what we are
doing here. we're having a conversation
with our agent. It's the exact same sort
of conversation that we might be having
on our computer. It's just now we also
have a stream that we can funnel
through, you know, a messaging app and
so on and so forth. So, there are a
couple right now, Telegram and Discord
being the main ones. I should note that
this came out just a few hours ago, so
probably be significantly more over the
coming weeks and months. Um, but it's
pretty straightforward. Basically, on
Telegram, you just get a little access
code. You do the same thing on Discord,
although you have you do have to set up
an app, which I'll show you guys how to
do, and then you guys could have a back
and forth conversation with it in a very
straightforward way. The reason I'm on
this page is because of this section
right here, security. Now, if you guys
know, I've made a bunch of videos on
like Open Claw and then having like
phone conversation style things with
agents before. And usually there's some
glaring security issues as a result of
it. Um, the way that this plugin works
is obviously we already have the
built-in cloud code tooling, which has
some security out of the box, but every
approved channel plugin has what's
called a sender allow list. So only
specific IDs that you have already added
ahead of time can push messages.
everything else gets silently dropped.
Um, in this way you still get access to,
as I mentioned, all of your own tooling.
You don't have to like set all the stuff
up again. Um, but you also get to do
this at the exact same level security
you previously had in Cloud Code, which
was hopefully quite high already. So,
that's it. No real magic here. Let me
show you how to get this on your phone.
Um, just like before, I'm going to be
doing this on my iPhone mirroring app,
but everything that I do there is the
exact same as what you will see on your
device, whether it's an Android or an
iPhone. Okay, so first to start, head
over to Telegram. And what you'll have
to do is you'll have to send a message
to this person here called BotFather.
Botfather is basically the de facto app
that allows you to create new apps
anytime you want. If you just click that
open button, you'll be taken to a page
that looks like this. You can see that
I've set up a couple of clawed bots
already. This was when I was testing out
Nemo Claw, which I thought would have
been a pretty good competitor to this,
but in reality, I think this is way
better. This is the um chat that we were
just having a conversation with a moment
ago. Then just go over to create a new
bot. And then you can just add, you
know, whatever details you want here.
So, Claude demobot. And then I'll just
call it Claude demo bot. You have to
make sure that whatever you're creating
is appended with the threeletter word
bot. Okay. You can also add a profile
picture and stuff like that. I'm not
really super worried about that, so it's
not a big deal. Here, you'll also have
this little um invisible, you know,
hidden text feature. I'm just going to
click copy. And now, basically, what I
have is I have my bot token, which is
required in order for me to set up the
next step. Once you're done with that,
at any time you can just go slash mybots
to actually get the list of bots that
you have. And then you can just click on
the specific one. When you click on it,
a little /st start window will be open
just like that. And now you sort of have
a conversation window open. I should
note that if you send it a message at
this point, nothing will happen. We
actually have to set up the plugin on
the cloud code end as well. So from
there, I'm going to open up cloud code
inside of anti-gravity, which is my
preferred sort of development uh
interface. If you guys don't know
anything about anti-gravity or have
never seen the screen before, it's
actually really easy to figure out and I
walk you all through it through a 4-hour
in-depth tutorial. I'll show you guys
like the buttons and what literally
every little section of this screen
means. Just check that link that I
posted in the top rightand corner a
second ago. Now, in order for us to set
this plugin up, we'll have to go
/terminal and so actually opencloud in
the terminal. Um, some of you guys may
already have this set up, but obviously
I use the GUI just for demo versions.
I'm going to click maximize panel size
on the right hand side. And now what I
need to do is I need to install the
plugin for Telegram. So that's pretty
easy to do. You just have to go
/pluginstallgram
atclude-plugins-official.
Now it's going to ask you where you want
to install it. In my case, I want to
install for me the user scope. The user
scope essentially means all workspaces
across all different projects on my uh
computer are going to have access to
Telegram if I need to. Once we're done,
we just go reload plugins. Then we're
basically now um we we've now activated
it, which is cool. Okay. After you're
done with that, just exit out of the
session. You can just hold uh Ctrl C and
just press that a couple times. I'm just
going to clear so that we could see this
full screen. Okay. After that, you can
just type /cle to get you back up to the
very top. And then I'm just going to
paste in /tegram
colon configure. This is going to look
purple, which means that it's now being
recognized as an actual command. And
then over here, you're just going to
insert that token that you copied from
BotFather earlier. If it doesn't appear
purple, you may just have to restart
Claude code in order for the plug-in
library to initialize. Once you're done
with that, the configuration script will
basically create a new channel allow
list or policy. And now what you can do
is you can just turn this off and then
turn this back on again. So I'm going to
use um control C and I'll press that
twice. And now I'm actually out of my
Claude and I'm back in like my terminal.
And there's a different set of commands
here, but if you just type clear, it'll
basically bump you all the way up to the
top. You'll have a little bit more room
and then we can continue. Okay, last but
not least, we actually just need to
launch this. And the way you do so with
Claude codes channel plugin is you use
claude space- channels space plugin
colon telegram@claude-plugins-official.
So when you do this, you'll actually be
connected now to your bot from a moment
ago. And the last thing we have to do is
we just have to send a brief message
over to our bot to 100% verify that the
connection is started. So I'm going to
go back here. I'm just going to type in
hey. When I do this, as you guys could
see, we now actually have the message
coming through on this side. So, boom.
Hey, what's up? How's it going? Awesome.
Run my scrape, you know, apply lead
skill for 50 HVAC people in Texas. And
now we're having a conversation with it
just like you would have with anything
else. Okay, Discord is pretty
straightforward as well. So, I actually
already have this app set up. I'm just
going to create a new one. Head over to
discord.com/developer/applications
and just type new app. And then what
you're going to want to do is I don't
know uh I'll just say not genuine app.
It'll ask you to confirm you are not a
robot. And now what we have is you just
you've just created an app basically um
somewhere. It's not that big of a deal.
You don't need to worry about what this
thing looks like, but it'll take you to
a relatively complicated looking page.
And we can just skip all that and go
straight to bot down here. Once you're
at bot, just scroll down to where it
says message content intent. And you
need to click this button. And once
you're done, scroll back up to where it
says token. Click reset token. Yes, do
it. You'll have to enter your password
obviously. So, I'm going to do so here.
And now this is the token just like we
had earlier. That'll allow us to
communicate with our bot. The last thing
we have to do is head over to OOTH 2.
And then down at the very bottom, add
these permissions. First, click bot. And
that'll open up a bunch more bot
permissions. down here, you're going to
want to do uh view channels, send
messages, send messages in threads,
uh read messages, read message history,
I think, and then attach files, which
I'm going to just hold command and F and
then press that. And then do the same
thing for add reactions right over here.
Okay, great. Once that's up, it'll say
integration type guild install and
you'll get a generated URL. You may be
wondering, what the heck does that mean,
Nick? It's pretty straightforward. Um,
this is basically just going to allow
you to invite this to uh, you know, one
of your servers. Okay. And now you have
not genuine app wants to access your
Discord account. Signed in as Nick. And
then the server you're going to want is
whatever your own individual, you know,
Discord server is. To be clear, you do
need a Discord server in order to have
this all set up. You can create one for
free really easily. If you've never done
that before, just head over to Discord
and then click this little button. Um,
click create my own and then just do it
for me and my friends. Name it whatever
the heck you want. Okay. From there, you
just click continue. And now basically
it has all of these permissions. You can
click authorize. Obviously I am not a
human as we both know and many of my
YouTube comments routinely accuse me of.
Next up, head back over to Claude. And
what you're going to want to do is
launch another instance of Claude. Then
paste in this command /plugin install
discord atcla-plugins-official.
Same thing for me. So I'm installing for
myself across everything. And then you
can run reload-plugins to activate.
You'll see we now have two plugins. And
you can see that if you just go /plugins
over to the right here, it says we have
that's claude mem, which is currently
disabled. Discord, which is enabled,
Telegram, which is enabled. Then I also
have a couple of other ones. Chrome
devtools, Chrome stealth. Once you're
done with that, you're just going to
want to type / Discord. Once you're done
with that, type / Discord: Configure.
And then go grab that token that we just
had a second ago. In my case, it's going
to be right here. Once we're done, I'm
going to have to exit out of Claude code
and then bring it back in. So I'll then
go claude. The reason why we had to do
that is because we have to pump in the
token and then we also have to go /isord
colon configure like this. This will
turn purple and then we can press enter.
And now what we're doing is we're
basically doing the same thing we did a
moment ago with telegram. Um we're
configuring this actually setting it up.
Okay. So now what we need to do is just
DM the bot on Discord. And then once
you're done with that you can head back
over to your cloud code. And what you
want is I'm just cycling through a bunch
of old commands. claude- channels plugin
colon discord@claw-plugins-official.
So now it's going to be listening for
channel messages from my plugin. So I'll
open up Discord. You now see that
there's a new conversation with not
genuine app. There's a conversate. This
is something I sent it a moment ago
before I actually set it up. But now
it's saying hello and we're actually
routed in directly just like we were
before. And so now I can have a
conversation with uh my agent anywhere I
want. Okay. So hopefully you guys seen
it's pretty straightforward to do this
setup. Um, but I think probably the
logical question that a lot of you are
probably asking is like, "Hey Nick, now
that I have it set up, like what do I
do? Like where do I take this?" And
realistically, this is running locally
in your computer. So, if you only have
one computer, okay, if you want to have
this ongoing 24/7, you're going to need
to find a way to basically have your
computer not like lock, not have all
these processes uh run stale. And so,
there variety of different ways to do
that on like a Mac OS, for instance.
It's pretty straightforward. There's
actually a really simple, easy way to do
that. you just go to your terminal and
then just type caffeinate and then you
know if you press caffeinate-t for
whatever period of time. Basically what
this does is this just um turns your
computer and keeps your computer screen
on for however long you specify here. So
this is in seconds. Uh in this case it's
60 seconds in a minute. So 60 * 60 is
about an hour, 3,600 seconds, but
obviously you could set that up for as
long as you want. Um likewise you could
also go down to settings on Mac and then
in settings you'll have two different
things that you can touch. The first is
the lock screen settings. So just head
over to lock screen and then where it
says turn display off when on battery
and power adapter when inactive, you can
just say never. And so now basically
what's what's going to occur is it
doesn't matter how long it takes the
computer will just never turn the
display off. So the display will always
be on. And then I think you go over to
battery settings as well. And then
basically we go to options here. Uh you
could prevent automatic sleeping on
power adapter when the display is off.
So I click this and what that means is
basically even when the display would
have been off, this is just on all the
time. Then where it says put hard disk
to sleep when possible, you would just
leave this on. Awake for network access
would just be always then click done and
then you're good to go. A Windows is
very very similar. They're just a bunch
of features out there that allow you to
just keep it on 24/7. And so in this way
you now have like you have a server
basically whether it's this computer or
something else that is just always
running in the background. Meaning no
matter where you are, what you're doing,
you'll always just be able to have a
conversation with it. Now, if you wanted
to take this further, what you do is you
get something like a Mac Mini or some
sort of server, you know, that you put
somewhere in your computer, maybe
something that doesn't even have a
screen. Obviously, you should get
something that doesn't have a screen.
It's way simpler. And then you would um
connect it to whatever the repo or
folder is that runs most of the uh you
know, cloud code skills and stuff like
that that you have in your computer. In
my case, I'm doing that using a really
interesting tool called sync things.
This basically allows me to have two
computers running side by side. So
there's my main Mac which I'm currently
operating on. And then there's like uh
another one. I actually have a second
MacBook which is just sitting in the
corner. And what we're doing is we're
just syncing the same like business
folder workspace, the one that I
typically run most of my cloud code
skills in such that you know I basically
have like a totally seamless experience.
My Telegram interface, my Discord
interface, those are communicating with
my second MacBook which is sitting
around um which just did all the things
that I showed you a moment ago. And then
that's syncing with this computer. So
anytime I need to like lock in and do
work on my desktop, I can do that as
well. So we sort of have like a two-way
sync. Any new file that's created on one
end, even through my Telegram, is ported
over here. And then the same thing goes
in the other direction. And uh the only
downside with that is if you're using
git commit and you happen to try and
commit two things at the same time on
both. So locally and over there, you can
run into some conflicts. In my case,
that's not a really big part of my
workflow. I'm not committing every 5
seconds. So doesn't really make too much
sense for me. Okay. And I just wanted to
leave you guys with a couple of mentions
on OpenClaw. You know, as you guys know,
OpenClaw, which used to be called
Clawbot and was then called Molbot, and
it'll probably be called something else
just given PR reasons. Um, you know, it
came out like a few months ago, and the
entire internet went freaking wild over
it. And, you know, when I saw it as an
avid and relatively competent Cloud Code
user, in my head, I was just like, "Oh,
is this like an additional piece of like
functionality? Is this like additional
intelligence on top of what Cloud Code
natively offers me as somebody that uses
it for business and for uh, you know,
programming stuff?" And I was really
trying hard to see whether or not there
was. And I just kept on running into a
wall where it was like, oh, this doesn't
actually do anything different. It's
just basically an interface layer where
I can communicate with Claude through
Telegram. And in my head, I was like,
well, the reason why this is probably
growing so popular is because we text
people like friends of ours, family
members and stuff like that through
these messaging apps. So, you know,
we're texting humans and now we can text
an agent as well using the exact same
sort of UX. That's going to seem pretty
cool, especially so if you're not super
technically competent. And so, I was
like, all right, maybe that's why it's
blowing up. But anyway, it turns out
there were a couple other reasons why
OpenCloud grew so quickly and uh became
like the number one most starred repo on
freaking planet Earth basically. And
this isn't a knock against that or you
know the developer cuz I definitely did
some knocking uh on my my old video
where I was like Cloudbot sucks. So
basically right around the time that all
this stuff was happening there was a
shitcoin launched basically some some
big rug pull where uh a bunch of people
decided to blast the message like
Cloudbot's insane and stuff like that
all over the internet to pump up a coin.
And so that's called astroturfing where
you try and um synthetically generate
like a large amount of volume to make
something look really big. And it's a
common tactic used in marketing. It's
kind of like a gray hat black hat
technique and not really obviously
morally above board. Involves the
creation of a bunch of accounts and
stuff like that. Maybe the a bunch of
GitHub stars, who knows? Uh that wasn't
the only thing though. Um right around
the time obviously you had a bunch of
creators start making videos on the
stuff and then the creators saw a bunch
of clicks and a bunch of interest
because they were riding that wave of
like astroturfing. And so this thing
which might have been previously mostly
like synthetically generated or maybe
initially even had like a cool demo that
was later pushed became like amplified
by a bunch of people on YouTube talking
about how incredible and amazing it was.
And you know a few of these people had a
lot of success with um you know this
Cloudbot stuff. And so every single time
they put it in the title and it gets
them a bunch of views. What are they
going to do the next time? Obviously
they're going to do the same thing,
right? And so became this like
self-perpetuating feedback loop. And
then to top it off there were a couple
of really forward-thinking companies out
there. um which did VPS hosting. And so
essentially these VPS hosting companies
started reaching out to a bunch of
creators seeing an opportunity saying,
"Hey, uh we'll happily pay you $5 to
$10,000 if you want to pop a video out
on this stuff really quickly talking
about how easy it is to host using our
software." And so these three factors
basically all culminated in this massive
explosion of interest for something that
ultimately speaking was like basically a
Telegram rapper with um with with cron,
which is like some heartbeat features
and then some memory. But for anybody
that didn't watch the video, one of my
points was why wouldn't Anthropic just
do something way better and then way
more secure as well because, you know,
they obviously have access to the
models. They're the ones that trained
the models. They obviously understand
risks like prompt injection,
exfiltration, and stuff like that the
best. And I was just like, I it doesn't
really make sense to jump all over, you
know, a Claudebot if you're just going
to be using it for freaking, you know,
Telegram, essentially a glorified
messenger. And so, I know a bunch of
people are like really a big fan of this
stuff. And by all means, like you you
can be. There's nothing wrong with the
idea of like decentralized agents that
are running in the cloud and stuff like
that, but the vast majority of the use
cases that most people are like using
openclaw and cloudbot and stuff like
that for, they are effectively covered
by this update and then the update that
happened a few days ago where anthropic
dropped cloud dispatch for co-work and
uh you know I just think this is a much
more secure and it's much more scalable
solution that actually works like off of
your stuff. You don't have it in the the
cloud unsecure. It's not maintained by
like random developers. It's like
maintained by one of the biggest
companies on planet earth realistically
when it comes to AI and probably one of
the most competent ones as well. And
just given the recent values differences
between you know anthropic and then a
couple of other very major actors in the
world uh and their commitment to holding
firms and principles like I feel a lot
more comfortable with my data in their
hands than I do you know some some
random bloke on GitHub or whatnot. Okay,
so those are my thoughts on it. Uh
hopefully you guys appreciated the video
and you know learned something new about
uh how to set the stuff up and you guys
can keep on chatting with Claude whether
it's through your Telegram, your
Discord, your computer like I mentioned
or some other way. If you guys like this
sort of thing, please subscribe to the
channel. Really helps me out. Like,
comment with something else you want to
see me record a video on and I'll catch
all you on the next video. See you.